[IMP] PLM: 19.4 engineering change orders (#18880)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/plm/manage_changes/engineering_change_orders.rst

After completing the |ECO| form, click the :guilabel:`Start Revision` button to begin implementing
the changes.

When clicking :guilabel:`Start Revision`, three actions occur:

#. The :icon:`fa-file-text-o` :guilabel:`Documents` smart button appears, storing the relevant files
   of the |BOM|.
#. A copy of the production |BOM| is stored in the :icon:`fa-flask` :guilabel:`Revision` smart
   button of the |ECO|. The next available version number (e.g., `V2`, `V3`, ...) is also assigned
   to keep track of all |BOM| versions.

> #. The stages of the |ECO| :guilabel:`Type` display at the top of the |ECO|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The stages of the |ECO| :guilabel:`Type` are displayed at the top of the |ECO|.
```
Very minor suggested correction :)

   .. image:: engineering_change_orders/view-bom-change.png
      :alt: Find the new ECO in the "BOM Changes" ECO type, in the "New" stage.

On the revised |BOM|, switch to the :guilabel:`Operations` tab and select the operation.

.. example::

>    Continuing the previous example, after the responsible engineer opens the *Operations* tab, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Continuing the previous example, after the responsible engineer opens the *Operations* tab,
```
